so now what we have is four fillets two from the
darker side and two from the lighter side the next
thing we need to do is remove the skin so in order
to remove the skin I like to turn the skin side
down and get my knife just underneath and get some
of the skin loosened I like to use a paper towel
or a dry towel whatever you have and you
want to just move both of them simultaneously in
the opposite direction so that the skin just comes
off just like that so there's the skin I'm just
going to roll the skin up and I'm going to continue on
with the next one so again it's the same procedure
i want to get my knife underneath not go through
the skin but I need to have enough skin to grab
with either a paper towel or wet towel and then on
the edge of the board I want to make sure that i'm
moving both the knife and the skin simultaneously
so what happens is then you get the skin that
comes off just like this and again I'm just going
to roll the skin up and there's this two fillets
i'm going to do the same thing with the other
side which again get my knife just underneath
and moving both the knife and the skin at
different times you can get the skin just
like that and there's a third fillet
and then the last one, so a nice sharp knife is
important to have and watching where your knife is
and making sure that you are in control of
your knife all the time you always want to make
sure that you do all of the filleting at once
and all of the skinning all at the same time you
just don't do one fish at a time you do them all
simultaneously and there you have the four fillets